docs: file download examples (#2546)
apify/crawlee: docs/examples/file_download.mdx

---
id: file-download
title: Download a file
---

import RunnableCodeBlock from '@site/src/components/RunnableCodeBlock';
import ApiLink from '@site/src/components/ApiLink';
import FileDownloadSource from '!!raw-loader!roa-loader!./file_download.ts';

> When webcrawling, you sometimes need to download files such as images, PDFs, or other binary files. This example demonstrates how to download files using Crawlee and save them to the default dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When webcrawling, you sometimes need to download files such as images, PDFs, or other binary files. This example demonstrates how to download files using Crawlee and save them to the default key-value store.
```

Author: Right, copy-pasting whoopsie 🙃 good catch!
